Just so many interesting papers, uh, there, like, uh,
I remember reading the paper that was written by Freeman Dyson on the,
like the, the first time that he explained,
or he came up with a concept of the Dyson sphere mm-hmm <affirmative> and he,
he, he put that out. Like it's, again, it's one page paper. Um, and he,
what he explained was that eventually if, uh,
a civilization develops and, and, and grows,
there's gonna be a point where when the resources on the planet are not,
are not enough for the energy requirements of that civilization.
So if you wanna go,
the next step is you need to go to the next star and the extract energy from
that star. And the,
a way to do it is you need to build some sort of cap around the star that
extracts the energy. So he, he theorized this idea of the,
the Dyson sphere mm-hmm <affirmative> and he went on to kind of analyze how he
would build that, the stability of that sphere.
Like if something happens, like there's like a small OSCI with the,
that fear collapse into the star, or know what,
what would happen and even went on to, uh,
kind of say that a good way for us to look for signs of intelligent life out
there is to look for signals of these, uh, Dyson spheres mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And because, you know, according to the law of, uh,
second law of thermodynamics, like these, there's gonna be some,
a lot of infrared radiation,
there is gonna be admitted as a consequence of extracting energy from the star
mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And we should be able to see those signals of like infrared,
if we look at the sky, but all these, like,
from the introduction of the concept, like the pro, how to build a DYS sphere,
the problems of like having a DYS sphere,
how to detect how that could be used as a signal for intelligence life, wait,
really that's all in the paper in one, like one page paper, and it's like,
it's it's for me, it's beautiful. It's like, where was this published?
I don't remember.
It's fascinating that papers like that could be, yeah. I mean, the guts,
it takes to put that all together in a paper form, you know, that,
that kind of challenges our previous discussion, that of paper. I mean,
papers can be beautiful. You can play with the format, right. It.
But there's a lot to unpack there. That's like the, the, the that's the,
the starting point, but it's, it's,
it's beautiful that you're able to put that in one page, uh,
and then people can build on top of that. And, but the key.
Ideas are there. Yeah, exactly. What about, have you looked at any of the,
the big seminal papers throughout the history of science?
Like you look at simple, like Einstein papers mm-hmm <affirmative> are any,
have any of those been annotated?
Yeah. Yeah, no, we, we have some more seminal papers that,
of that people will have heard about. Um, you know, we have the, the DNA,
double EICs paper on there.
We have the Higgs bow on <affirmative> mm-hmm <affirmative>, uh, paper. Um,
yeah, there there's papers that, that, that we know that it's,
they're not gonna be finding out about them because of us,
but it's papers that we think.
Um, should be more widely read and that folks would benefit from having some
annotations there. And so we also have a number of those,
a lot of like discovery papers for fundamental, like S and all that. There,
we have a lot of those on from us library. Um, yeah, we, I,
I would like to en we haven't annotated that one,
but I would like to on the reman hypotheses,
that's an really interesting paper as well. Um, and, and,
but we haven't annotated that one,
but there's a lot of like more historical landmark papers, um, on the platform.